New `state:modified.vars` selection method (#6222)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/methods.md

- `state:modified.relation`: Changes to `database`/`schema`/`alias` (the database representation of this node), irrespective of `target` values or `generate_x_name` macros
- `state:modified.persisted_descriptions`: Changes to relation- or column-level `description`, _if and only if_ `persist_docs` is enabled at each level
- `state:modified.macros`: Changes to upstream macros (whether called directly or indirectly by another macro)

> - `state:modified.vars`: Changes to [`vars`](/docs/build/project-variables) that a node depends on (available in v1.9 or with [dbt Cloud Versionless](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#versionless) via the `state_modified_compare_vars` [behavior flag](/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes))

Reviewer: is this vars + env_vars? or just vars?

> - `state:modified.vars`: Changes to [`vars`](/docs/build/project-variables) that a node depends on (available in v1.9 or with [dbt Cloud Versionless](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#versionless) via the `state_modified_compare_vars` [behavior flag](/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes))

Reviewer 2: Should we specifically call out the need to set the flag? Otherwise looks 👍🏻 
```suggestion
- `state:modified.vars`: Changes to [`vars`](/docs/build/project-variables) that a node depends on (available in v1.9 or with [dbt Cloud Versionless](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#versionless) when you set the `state_modified_compare_vars` [behavior flag](/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes) to `true`)
```

Author: @runleonarun Open if you disagree, but I'm thinking we _should_ link to the related behavior flag. Otherwise, if someone only comes to this page, they wouldn't know that they need to opt-in to the behavior flag to get this functionality.

Reviewer 2: 100% agree! Do you think it's still ok to add the extra info "when you set...to `True`"?

Author: Yeah! Applied your suggested changes.
